+++
title = "Get to know the Predefined Reports of GA4"
author = "Lorenzo Drumond"
date = "2024-01-15T18:45:10"
tags = ["analytics",  "sales",  "account",  "marketing",  "tag",  "data_stream",  "advertising",  "google",  "firebase",  "data",  "structure",  "ga4",  "property",  "mobile",  "real_time",  "recorded",  "website",  "reports"]
+++


# Get to know the Predefined Reports of GA4
Reports in GA:
- Realtime report: displays user activity in the past 30 minutes.
- Lifecycle reports: contains sections for acquisition, engagements and monetization.
  - Engagement: this section contains:
    - Overview: summary of reports below
    - Events report: shows how many times each event is triggered by how many users
    - Conversions report: shows information about each conversion event
    - Pages and Screens report: which pages on your website and screens on your app get visits and engagement
    - Landing page report: shows the first page a visitor lands on when they visit your website.
  - Monetization: will provide data about purchase made on the website or app. If you have ads on your app, it will show the revenue of each ad
    - Overview: summary of reports below
    - eCommerce purchases report: information about product/services you sell. You need to set up the relevant recommended events for eCommerces
    - in-app purchase report
    - publisher ads report
  - Retention:
    - Overview: is made up of cards that summarize user retention data on your website or your app.
    - Retention Overview: shows new and returning users. User retention by cohort shows how well your site or app retains users by cohort. The user engagement by cohort card shows the average amount of time users engaged on your site or your app after they were first acquired. In this case, the cohort is the day that the users were acquired. At the bottom, you'll find the lifetime value card. This shows the average revenue generated by new users over their first 120 days. This chart can help determine the value of users based on the total revenue they generate over time.
- User reports
  - Demographic report: classifies users by age, location, language, gender, and the interest they express through browsing and purchase activities. You can get more holistic demographic and interest data by turning on Google Signals.
  - Tech reports: a table report with many dimensions of tech data available to analyze, like device category, screen resolution, and more


A _cohort_ is a collection of users who are grouped by some criteria, such as their first visit date.

Google Signals are session data from sites and apps that Google associates with users who have signed into their Google accounts and who have turned on ads personalization. For example, you can see how users browse products on your site from a phone and later return to complete purchases from a tablet or a laptop.

For mobile app activity only, analytics derives demographic and interest data from the Android advertising ID and the iOS identifier for advertisers. When the device advertising ID is not present, analytics can't provide this data. This means that demographic and interest data may only be available for a subset of your users and may not represent all of your traffic.

# References
- https://skillshop.exceedlms.com/uploads/resource_courses/targets/1739979/original/index.html?_courseId=998025#/page/64f853619349747f7f108b0e

Next -> [filters-and-comparisons-in-ga-reports](/wiki/filters-and-comparisons-in-ga-reports/)
